good afternoon my name is Kenny
Frankie's we're here at morton's
steakhouse in Stanford Connecticut today
we're going to make it some mini
cheeseburgers for everybody our
ingredients is afternoon going to be a 2
pounds of ground beef here we have three
ounces of our tomato sauce you have a
teaspoon of ground pepper it's black
round pepper you have a teaspoon of salt
and here we have an ounce of pasteurized
eggs then we also have like an ounce and
a half of oil starting with your two
pounds of prime beef and get that at
your local butcher it's two pounds of a
t20 beef which means eighty percent lean
beef twenty percent fat content you get
that any local supermarket fairway
locally has it here in Stanford you want
to run down there you guys can grab it
at fairway or any local supermarkets
have it as well
Corran all your ingredients
you can mix olia greetings together with
your hands you could use tongs if you
like I like to use my hands this amount
of meat right here is for our mini
burgers is probably to make about 14 to
15 mini burgers they're going to be
three ounces each at home I always like
to use a third of a cup to get a good
measurement you just want to take a
third of a cup it's a regular measuring
cup at home place that in push that down
flat
that'll give you a perfect size burger
you could do this at your BBQ at home
you can do it on your broiler at house
whatever you prefer I like to use the
barbecue so you get the flavor the
barbecue at home today we're going to be
using a broiler our broiler here at
Morton's is about 800 to 1200 degrees
it's the area three burgers your Morton
seasoning salt here at Morton's we have
a seasoning salt which is our house
recipe you can buy our Morton seasoning
salt at any one of our Morton's
locations as well as online or if you're
at home you can use that the seasoning
you like salt pepper garlic salt garlic
powder whatever you like make sure you
guys pre-heat your grill at home you
always want the grill to be preheated
cuts down on the cooking time we let
those cook those burgers should take
about three minutes to cook on each side
in the meantime I'm going to get our
condiments ready at home we like to take
onions tomato a little bit of lettuce
today we chopped up some cheddar cheese
put some cheddar cheese on your burgers
as well I always like to toast my buns
for the mini burgers you get these
little buns you get these any local
produce supplier again you get these a
fair way you want to take your buttons
cut your buttons straight through and so
I'm just going to place our buns in the
oven
you want to make sure your tomatoes then
you don't have too much tomato you're
overbearing if you put too much tomato
in your burger you want to slice it thin
you have 15 burgers you can probably get
away with using two or three these
little plum tomatoes clean the skin off
your onion the outside cut your end off
and then cut your onion pretty thin as
well
we're going to use lettuce you have our
lettuce right here we took the liberty
before I chop and let us up for you I
don't like to cut my lettuce a knife I
like to rip it by hands make the burgh a
little more personal for everybody at
home just take your lettuce break you
let us up leave it off to the side
gonna flip our burgers like I said about
three minutes three and a half minutes
on each side for your burger these
burgers are best at medium rare
elect those cook we're going to flip our
buttons now our burgers are probably
cooked at a rare plus a medium rare add
our cheese to these
these are great appetizer at home before
you start your barbecue for your family
and friends whatever you guys like they
look delicious they taste great the nice
and juicy
we like to use little cocktail
toothpicks after our burgers are set
we're going to grab our lettuce our
onion or tomato
place that down take a toothpick stick
the toothpick to the top to hold it
together there's our Morton's legendary
mini burgers you're going to be the life
of the party and a big hit for the
neighborhood enjoy have a great labor
day guys